c:\users\nstavrakakis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ExcelDNA\ExcelDNA\bin\Debug\ExcelDNA.dll
c:\users\nstavrakakis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ExcelDNA\ExcelDNA\bin\Debug\ExcelDNA.pdb
c:\users\nstavrakakis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ExcelDNA\ExcelDNA\obj\Debug\ExcelDNA.dll
c:\users\nstavrakakis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ExcelDNA\ExcelDNA\obj\Debug\ExcelDNA.pdb
c:\users\nstavrakakis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ExcelDNA\ExcelDNA\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\nstavrakakis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ExcelDNA\ExcelDNA\bin\Debug\SocketIOClient.dll
c:\users\nstavrakakis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ExcelDNA\ExcelDNA\bin\Debug\WebSocket4Net.dll
c:\users\nstavrakakis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ExcelDNA\ExcelDNA\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.pdb
c:\users\nstavrakakis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ExcelDNA\ExcelDNA\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\nstavrakakis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ExcelDNA\ExcelDNA\bin\Debug\SocketIOClient.pdb
c:\users\nstavrakakis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ExcelDNA\ExcelDNA\bin\Debug\SocketIOClient.xml
c:\users\nstavrakakis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ExcelDNA\ExcelDNA\bin\Debug\WebSocket4Net.pdb
c:\users\nstavrakakis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ExcelDNA\ExcelDNA\obj\Debug\ExcelDNA.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\nstavrakakis\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ExcelDNA\ExcelDNA\bin\Debug\ExcelDNA-AddIn.dna
C:\Users\nstavrakakis\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ExcelDNA\ExcelDNA\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Core.dll
C:\Users\nstavrakakis\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ExcelDNA\ExcelDNA\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Interfaces.dll
C:\Users\nstavrakakis\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ExcelDNA\ExcelDNA\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Linq.dll
C:\Users\nstavrakakis\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ExcelDNA\ExcelDNA\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.PlatformServices.dll
C:\Users\nstavrakakis\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ExcelDNA\ExcelDNA\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Core.xml
C:\Users\nstavrakakis\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ExcelDNA\ExcelDNA\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Interfaces.xml
C:\Users\nstavrakakis\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ExcelDNA\ExcelDNA\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Linq.xml
C:\Users\nstavrakakis\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ExcelDNA\ExcelDNA\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.PlatformServices.xml
C:\nstavrakakis\excel-socket\ExcelDNA\bin\Debug\ExcelDNA-AddIn.dna
C:\nstavrakakis\excel-socket\ExcelDNA\bin\Debug\ExcelDNA.dll
C:\nstavrakakis\excel-socket\ExcelDNA\bin\Debug\ExcelDNA.pdb
C:\nstavrakakis\excel-socket\ExcelDNA\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\nstavrakakis\excel-socket\ExcelDNA\bin\Debug\SocketIOClient.dll
C:\nstavrakakis\excel-socket\ExcelDNA\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Core.dll
C:\nstavrakakis\excel-socket\ExcelDNA\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Interfaces.dll
C:\nstavrakakis\excel-socket\ExcelDNA\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Linq.dll
C:\nstavrakakis\excel-socket\ExcelDNA\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.PlatformServices.dll
C:\nstavrakakis\excel-socket\ExcelDNA\bin\Debug\WebSocket4Net.dll
C:\nstavrakakis\excel-socket\ExcelDNA\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.pdb
C:\nstavrakakis\excel-socket\ExcelDNA\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\nstavrakakis\excel-socket\ExcelDNA\bin\Debug\SocketIOClient.pdb
C:\nstavrakakis\excel-socket\ExcelDNA\bin\Debug\SocketIOClient.xml
C:\nstavrakakis\excel-socket\ExcelDNA\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Core.xml
C:\nstavrakakis\excel-socket\ExcelDNA\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Interfaces.xml
C:\nstavrakakis\excel-socket\ExcelDNA\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Linq.xml
C:\nstavrakakis\excel-socket\ExcelDNA\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.PlatformServices.xml
C:\nstavrakakis\excel-socket\ExcelDNA\bin\Debug\WebSocket4Net.pdb
C:\nstavrakakis\excel-socket\ExcelDNA\obj\Debug\ExcelDNA.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\nstavrakakis\excel-socket\ExcelDNA\obj\Debug\ExcelDNA.dll
C:\nstavrakakis\excel-socket\ExcelDNA\obj\Debug\ExcelDNA.pdb
